Que 1.  What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans.    CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text,
        the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out.

Que 2.  What are the disadvantages of CSS?
Ans.    Disadvantages of CSS: CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among web browsers.
        With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. The web developers need to test for
        compatibility, running the program across multiple browsers. There exists a scarcity of security.

Que 3.  What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
Ans.   The biggest difference between CSS2 and CSS3 is that CSS3 has been split into different sections, called modules. 
       Each of these modules is making its way through the W3C in various stages of the recommendation process. This process
       has made it much easier for various pieces of CSS3 to be accepted and implemented in the browser by different manufacturers.
       If you compare this process to what happened with CSS2, where everything was submitted as a single document with all the
       Cascading Style Sheets information within it, you begin to see the advantages of breaking the recommendation up into smaller, 
       individual pieces. Because each of the modules is being worked on individually, developers enjoy a much wider range of browser 
       support for CSS3 modules.

Que 4. Name a few CSS style components?
Ans.   CSS COMPONENTS
       1.Header
       2.Content
       3.Footer
       4.Buttons
       5.List
       6.Cards
       7.Forms
       8.Toggle
       9.Checkbox
       10.Radio Buttons
       11.Range
       12.Select
       13.Tabs
       14.Grid
       15.Utility

Que 5.  What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans.    When using the opacity property to add transparency to the background of an element, all of its child elements become transparent as well. 
        This can make the text inside a fully transparent element hard to read. If you do not want to apply opacity to child elements, use RGBA color values instead.

Que 6.  How can the background color of an element be changed? 
Ans.    We can change the background color of an HTML element using the background-color CSS property and giving it a value of a color. 
        With this code, the paragraphs are given a pink background. For example, this code will make all paragraph elements in your HTML file 
        have a pink background because the background-color property has a value of pink.

Que 7.  How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
Ans.    Background-repetition property controls the repetition of images in the background. Use no-repeat if the image is to be displayed once in the background.

Que 8. What is the use of the background-position property? 
Ans.   The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. By default, a background-image is placed at the
       top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

Que 9.  Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Ans.    Background-attachment property controls the image scrool in the background.

Que 10.  Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
Ans.     Answer: This is done with mainly two purposes: It makes the style sheets more legible. Background property, 
         which is complex in itself, becomes all the more complex with color. Color is an in-built property while the background is not one.

Que 11.  How to center block elements using CSS1? 
Ans.     Step 1: Define the external width – We need to define the external width. Block-level elements have the default width of 
         100% of the webpage, so for centering the block element, we need space around it. So for generating the space, we are giving it a width.
         Step 2: Set the left-margin and the right-margin of the element to auto – Since we produced a remaining space by providing external 
         width so now we need to align that space properly that’s why we should use margin property. Margin is a property that tells how to align 
         a remaining space. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto.

Que 12.  How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans.     Keep styles of components (pages, layouts) in isolation all the time. Keep the same name across the javascript file name, component name,
         style file name, and style class name. These simple rules will make your system effectively maintain and scale.ns

Que 13.  What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans.     There are three ways to integrate CSS as a web page
         1.External CSS. With an external style sheet, you can change the look of an entire website by changing just one file.
         2.Internal CSS. An internal style sheet may be used if one single HTML page has a unique style.
         3.Inline CSS. An inline style may be used to apply a unique style for a single element. To use inline styles, add the style attribute to the relevant element.

Que 14.  What is embedded style sheets?
Ans.      Embedded style sheets allow you to define styles for the whole HTML document in one place. Embedded style sheets refer 
          to when you embed style sheet information into an HTML document using the <style> element.

Que 15.  What are the external style sheets? 
Ans.     An external style sheet is a separate text file with .css extension. You define all the Style rules within this text file like (notepad, WordPad, Emacs).

Que 16. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans.    Advantages

        1) The style of a few documents can be controlled from the site by utilizing them.
	2) Multiple HTML elements can have numerous documents, where classes can be made.
	3) To assemble styles in complex circumstances, selector and grouping strategies are utilized.

	Disadvantages

	1) The additional download is expected to import documents having style information.
	2) To render the documents, the outer template ought to be stacked.
	3) Not practical for small style definitions.

Que 17.  What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
Ans.   	 A CSS selector is the part of a CSS style call that identifies what part of the web page should be styled. 
         The selector contains one or more properties that define how the selected HTML Featured Video The CSS Selectors
         There are several different types of selectors: type selectors – matching a specific element.

Que 18.  What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
Ans.     This are the media types which are allpowed by CSS.
	 1.all
	 2.braille	
         3.embossed	
         4.handheld	
	 5.print	
	 6.projection
 	 7.screen
	 8.speech
	 9.tty	
	 10.tv

Que 19.  What is the rule set? 
Ans.      A CSS rule-set consists of a selector and a declaration block: The selector points to the HTML element you want to style.
          The declaration block contains one or more declarations separated by semicolons.

Que 20.  Create Layouts 
Ans.	 This is an Practicle example.
         please refer to the file.




